# amfoss-tasks

### Intro:
Hello club members! I'm Sathvik Pasuvula, pursuing b.tech in Computer Science & Engineering (entering S2 of freshmen year) from Amrita Viswa Vidyapeetham. I hail from Hyderabad - the city of pearls. I come from a small family which include my father, mother and a younger brother. My hobbies are listing to pop music and watching late night series. I'm a tech geek and aspire to become a true ENGINEER. I feel technology can make human lives much more comfortable and easier. I looking forward to work with fusion of science-technology and I may get into research. I strongly beleive in practical, skill-based education and coincidentally my institution provides quality education based on 'Education for life'. Currently, my short term goal is to get selected for the amFOSS club. To get into the field of Open Source having right mentor is really important and fortunately I got to know that the amFOSS club has a good student-mentor culture. So for up-skilling my self and mentoring/guiding learners I want to join the club with serious goals and intensions.


### Why should I be chosen for this club?
In the month of october, I got a chance to attend Hacktober fest organized by the amFOSS club itself. After experienceing bunch of sessions and listening to the talks of few members and guests, I truly wanted to step into the field of FOSS and urged to contribute to open source orgs through github. I'm pretty much sure that joining amFOSS club would be my bridge to a bright future. Coding has always been my passion. I've developed this passion since when I made a carbon foot-print emission application along with my classmates right in 8th standard. I've known to code for a while and  familiar with computer hardware. I like to solve real life problems which are of course challenging as it makes me to think deeper and think BIG and find solutions using technology. I'm always curious to learn new technologies and apply the concepts to solve real life problems. What drives me even more is the need to learn how something or anything works. I'm a quick learner, having a good grasping power. I can also manage team members and work efficiently for the club. I also feel that I'm good in marketing and PR, can manage the social media handles and help the club reach to more peaple. I also respect time and money as these two are the main driving factors for any human being. I'm very confident that amFOSS club would benefit by recruiting me. I ensure that I won't be a burden to the club and adhere to all the norms of the club. I'm looking forward to learn and explore fields like web development (learning full-stack dev right now), machine learning, neural networks in data science, deep learning and AI. I also expect that I'd grow better and better day-by-day with the amFOSS club. 


### My goals for the upcoming months:
- Full-Stack Web delvelopment
- Java programming language
- Contribute to organizations (getting started with good first issues
- Try for the mlh fellowship or fossasia open source programs (I actually like outreachy and strongly desire to get selected but I got to know that this program mostly favours women and the underprevileged)


### How would I contribute back to FOSS club?
I feel very happy to serve the club in which ever way it wants. I'd help the members in organising events, make everyone feel comfortable while in work mode. I will do my maximum and to the best of my abilities to aid and help the club and its members with anything. I'd also help the club grow in terms of reputation and popularity as I feel I'm good at PR and marketing. I'd also ensure that no property of the club would be damaged or misused in my presence. I'd also help in getting funds or donations if needed by connecting with industry related people.
